JUnit is a unit testing framework for Java programming language. 
JUnit has been important in the development of test-driven development, 
and is one of a family of unit testing frameworks collectively known as 
xUnit, that originated with JUnit.

Unit testing is usually done during the software development stage, and 
is often the first layer of testing before the software is released. The 
goal of unit testing is to ensure that the code works as intended, and to 
identify any errors that could affect the software's performance.

Manual Testing	:-
Executing a test cases manually without any tool support is known as manual testing.	
Time-consuming and tedious − Since test cases are executed by human resources, it is very slow and tedious.	
Huge investment in human resources − As test cases need to be executed manually, more testers are required in manual testing.

Automated Testing :- 
Fast − Automation runs test cases significantly faster than human resources.
Taking tool support and executing the test cases by using an automation tool is known as automation testing.
Less investment in human resources − Test cases are executed using automation tools, so less number of testers are required in automation testing.



Features of JUnit
JUnit is an open source framework, which is used for writing and running tests.

Provides annotations to identify test methods.

Provides assertions for testing expected results.

Provides test runners for running tests.

JUnit tests allow you to write codes faster, which increases quality.

JUnit is elegantly simple. It is less complex and takes less time.

JUnit tests can be run automatically and they check their own results and provide immediate feedback. There's no need to manually comb through a report of test results.

JUnit tests can be organized into test suites containing test cases and even other test suites.

JUnit shows test progress in a bar that is green if the test is running smoothly, and it turns red when a test fails.


Steps :- 

Selecting the + Create Maven Project button from the Maven Explorer
Opening the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P) and searching for the Create Java Project command
Right-clicking on a target folder and selecting Create Maven Project

src\main\java ----> Used for creating Project

src\test\java ----> Used for creating Testing

@test 

The @Test annotation is a line of code in a program that marks a method as a test case. 
It's a core annotation in TestNG, and is used to control which method is executed next in a test script.